Why are you green? (#55)
UCL-ARC/python-tooling: pages/testing.md

| [tox](https://tox.wiki/en/latest/index.html) | A framework that allows running tests and packaging in different environments. | 🟢 |
| [unittest](https://docs.python.org/dev/library/unittest.html#module-unittest) | A framework built in to Python for writing and running tests. | 🟠 |

<details>
<summary>🟢 explanation</summary>

> We recommend `pytest` over `unittest` because of the extensive plugins and widespread use.

Reviewer: maybe also refer to the cleaner style of pytest tests:
> We reocmmend `pytest` over `unittest` because of the extensive plugins, widespread use, and less boilerplate needed for writing tests.

Author: Merged too fast!
```suggestion
We recommend `pytest` over `unittest` because `pytest` tends to encourage a cleaner style, there are also extensive plugins and it's in widespread use.
```

Reviewer: no worries! I can't commit your suggestion so I'll make a separate pr
